Update and Reorganize Cloud Configuration Reference Topics (#1327)
astronomer/docs: astro/modify-cluster.md

- [Create a new cluster](create-cluster.md).
- Delete a cluster.
- Create a new node pool. This enables a new worker type for all Deployments in the cluster. See resource references for [AWS](resource-reference-aws.md#worker-node-pools), [Azure](resource-reference-azure.md#deployment-worker-node-pools), and [GCP](resource-reference-gcp.md#deployment-worker-node-pools).
- Update an existing worker node pool, including its node instance type or maximum node count.
- Create a VPC connection or a transit gateway connection between a cluster and a target VPC. See [Connect Astro to external data sources](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/category/connect-astro).

## Prerequisites

To modify a cluster, you'll need the following:

- A cluster on Astro.
- Permissions to make changes to cluster configurations.

If you don't have a cluster on Astro, see [Install Astro on AWS](install-aws.md), [Install Astro on Azure](install-azure.md), or [GCP](install-gcp.md). If you have an existing cluster and you want to create additional clusters, see [Create a cluster](create-cluster.md). To view your clusters' current configurations, see [Manage clusters](view-clusters.md).

> ## Requesting and confirming changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Request and confirm a cluster change
```

Author: @jwitz - D'oh! I can't believe I missed the gerunds. Good catch. I must have been deep into the edits to miss this.

> Before you request a change to a cluster, make sure it's supported. See [AWS cluster configurations](resource-reference-aws.md), [Azure cluster configurations](resource-reference-azure.md), or [GCP cluster configurations](resource-reference-gcp.md). After you've confirmed the change you want to make is supported, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you request a change to a cluster, make sure it's supported. See [Cluster configurations](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/category/cluster-configuration-reference). After you've confirmed the change you want to make is supported, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).
```

Reviewer: When possible, let's link out to the category index menu so we don't have to list the clouds each time

Author: @jwitz good suggestion.
